Enhance docs with GitBook (#398)
src-d/lookout: docs/configuration.md

    # list of repositories to watch and user/token if needed
analyzers:
    # list of named analyzers
timeout:

>     # configuration for the existent timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # configuration for the existing timeouts.
```

```

## Quickstart

The most important things you need to configure for a local installation, are:

1. [Repositories](#repositories): add the URLs of the repositories to be watched.

> 1. [Analyzers](#analyzers): add the gRPC addresses of the analyzers to be used by lookout,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Analyzers](#analyzers): add the gRPC addresses of the analyzers to be used by lookout.
```

#### Authentication as a GitHub Account

**lookout** needs to authenticate with GitHub. The easiest method for testing purposes is using a [GitHub personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/). The token should have the `repo` scope enabled.

> The credential can then be also passed to `lookoutd` as:

Reviewer: Why did you add `also`? In addition to what?

Reviewer: I see. But if you read this sentence, it says "also" when there is no previous alternative. This is the first one, it sounds weird to say "also".

Author: I think now is more clear: 6ff7b2411587c8f551326c3d30107be0b6573315
Any other idea @carlosms

## Repositories

The list of repositories to be watched by **lookout** is defined by:
- the `repositories` field at `config.yml`, or

> - automatically the GitHub App installation if you [authenticated as a GitHub App](#github-app); in that case, the `repositories` field at `config.yml` will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```
automatically the GitHub App installation if
```
sounds wrong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the repositories where the GitHub App is installed if you [authenticated as a GitHub App](#github-app). In that case, the `repositories` field in `config.yml` will be ignored.
```

- Arrays are replaced
- Null value replaces object

## Timeouts

The timeouts used by **lookout** for some operations can be modified or disabled from the `config.yml` file.

If any timeout is set to `0`, there will be no timeout for that process.

Below is the list of different timeouts in **source{d} lookout**, with their default values:

```yaml
# These are the default timeout values. A value of 0 means no timeout
timeout:

>   # Timeout for an analyzer to response a NotifyReviewEvent

Reviewer: I'd leave "Timeout for an analyzer response to a NotifyReviewEvent". Or change this to "to reply".

  analyzer_review: 10m
  # Timeout for an analyzer to response a NotifyPushEvent
  analyzer_push: 60m

>   # Timeout for an HTTP requests to the GitHub API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Timeout for HTTP requests to the GitHub API
```

  github_request: 1m
  # Timeout for Git fetch actions
  git_fetch: 20m

>   # Timeout for Bblfsh to response a Parse request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Timeout for Bblfsh to reply to a Parse request
```
